# TwitterMetric

This is an experiment where a put a distance metric on Twitter users.  We use Twitter users from the Eugene area (not 100%, but those that are marked by Twitter as from Eugene).  
In the first experiment, we look at almost 9000 accounts, and download the accounts followed by each.   We choose the most followed 5000 accounts.    We then put a distance metric on the 9000 accounts based on the following method. (Note it's NOT a Hamming distance, that would be too easy and we think this is naive and poorly represents the distance).  We build a neural network that tries to predict which set of accounts followed and unfollowed by each user, that is, that outputs a 5000 dimensional vector with values between 0 and 1, each corresponding to a probability that an account is followed.  The intial layer is an embedding of the set of users into an 8 dimensional Euclidean space.  These trainable embedding vectors are then fed into three dense layers with heavy dropout, and then final output is the evaluated using binary cross entropy loss.   
After a bit of training, we extract the embedding layer, and use the Euclidean distance on the vectors corresponding to each account.  This gives a metric on the users.
To explore the metric, we have an html file "results.html".  It lists the 15 closest users.  For each user - the html can be used to link to the actual Twitter account and to the close followers so the reader can check for themselves if they believe this metric accurately topologizes the set.   Navigationally - we recommend you wait a minute for the entire file to download, then use "open in another tab" to view the twitter accounts and click on the hashtag. If you go back and forth your browser may disappoint you
